Atomic Orbitals
	Filling problem: Find lowest energy orbital (or create new)
		Base elements start with hardcoded electronic configuration

Things to consider:
	Case studies
		C quadruple bond C is not possible
		H+ + H -> H2(+) is possible 
			2 center 1 electron bond, half bond order
		H2 (2e) has less than half the bonding energy of H2(+) (1e)
			Electrons in the same orbital repel each other
		Li2 is less stable than H2
			2s orbitals are farther away from their nuclei
	Orbital hybridisation can be a useful model
	Multiple possibilities in making a bonding MO set
	Depth >0 evalutation
	Intramolecular reactions
	Resonance / Electron delocalization

Bonding
	When 2 atoms come in close proximity, bonding between them is attempted
	Bond properties
		Bidirectional, one bond object per pair of bonded atoms
		Stores a BondOrbitalSet object which refs to atoms' orbital sets
	Atom properties
		Atoms store an unbonded orbital set which refs to its orbital sets

Levels of energy
	Principal number
	Azimuthal number
	Electron pairing energy

Split functions
	Get energy change of bonding
	Hybridizaidator
		Move electrons to another orbital
			Orbital duplicator

Steps in (attempt to) bonding - evaluateField function:
	A. Valence Bond Theory
		1. Determine field atom count and possible hybridizations
		2. Brute force each possible bonding combination
			1. Create BO set out of atoms' valence electrons
				1. Get total electron count of the valence shells
				2. Allocate electrons to BOs based on constituent AOs following Aufbau's principle and Hund's rule
					Set a energy difference value (bonding/antibonding energy) for each BO, adding to BO set energy
						Based on orbital energies and electronegativity difference
			2. If BO set energy < 0, a bond is possible
	B. Lewis Theory - Central atom model
		Information
			Only models molecules with a central atom bonded to peripheral atoms
		1. Determine atoms in field
		2. Get valence of this atom and candidate atoms
		3. Exclude higher priority atoms
		4. Brute force each possible bonding combination
		5. Calculate total bond energy of all bonding combinations
			Based on bond order, electronegativity difference, and atom size
				Possible alt: use predefined bond energies from real life
		6. Call evaluateField function of affected (bonded/unbonded) atoms
	C. Lewis Theory - Molecular model
		Information
			All unbonded atoms are also considered molecules
			Does not take resonance into account
			Bonds an atom of a samller molecule (bonded) to atom(s) of a bigger one (bonder)
			Primary bonds: bonded atom - bonder atom(s) bonds
			Secondary bonds: non-primary bonds
			Relative: Uses energy difference of initial and final configurations
		1. On atom of molecule in range of atom(s) of another, for each atom...
		2. Check combinations of ("no change" is a valid combination)...
			Primary bonds
			One secondary bond from either atom
	D. Lewis Theory - Cascading bonds model
		Information
			Assumes homolytic bond cleavage
			Cannot model intramolecular reactions (rings)
			Cascade: Form -> Cleave -> Form -> Cleave...
			"No change" is a valid combination/combo ending except for step 1.1
			Will need to filter out interaction events to prevent duplication
			Could extend steps 1.1-1.2 to consider "form and cleave" hybrid combos that give the same bond order as the previous implementation
				More accurate? but more expensive
		Example
			Hydrogen atom bonding to oxygen of methandiol - 6 final combos; up to 5 atoms in the cascading chain
		Steps
			1. On atom of molecule in range of atom(s) of another, for each atom in range:
				For each primary bond combo incl. bond orders...
					If bonds exceed valence and there are no available bonds to cleave, nullify this combo
					Next step done twice with perspectives switched?, very important!?
				1. If bonds exceed valence, cleave bond(s) above valence; for each affected atom(s)...
				2. Form bonds(s), amounting up to bonds previously cleaved, with bonded atoms; for each affected atom(s)...
				3. Go back to step 1.1
			2. Sum up energy changes of bond changes of each combo; choose lowest energy exothermic combo as result
				For each combo, the highest energy in the path is the activation energy
			3. Impart bonding energy as kinetic energy to resultant(s)
		Revised Steps
			1. On atom of molecule in range of atom(s) of another, for each atom in range:
				For each primary bond combo incl. bond orders, do an operation (see Technical section)
			2. Sum up energy changes of bond changes of each combo; choose lowest energy exothermic combo as result
				For each combo, the highest energy in the path is the activation energy
			3. Impart bonding energy as kinetic energy to resultant(s)
		Technical
			"Operation" - 0 or more bonds broken followed by bond(s) formed between 2 atoms
				For bonder / bonded pair (do twice, switch bonder/bonded atoms)...
					Get bonds to break to accomadate the bond formed
					Stop if bonds to break > bonds excluding existing bonder-bonded bonds
					Break bond(s)
				Form bond(s)

Bond Orbital Set
	Bonded PAIRS of atoms store ref to this
	Accessible (change?) of total energies of:
		This
		Atoms...
			before ANY bonding (unbound state)
			before THIS bonding
			after all bonding
	Implementations (#1 or #2 best so far)
		1. Stores electron refs from atoms; atoms unchanged
			Most perfomant (least objects created/removed)
			Variant: Atoms also store an unbonded orbital set (UOS) along with the existing orbital set
		2. Takes electrons from atoms; atoms lose electrons
			Most intuitive but very expensive
		3. Duplicates electrons from atoms; atoms unchanged
